lo1=Abebe
lo2=Adhiambo
lo3=Agru Kabera
lo4=Ahrimane Protectorate
lo5=Aimee Laroux
lo6=Aiyana, The Wolfcatcher
lo7=Akunanse Kholo
lo8=Al-Muntaquim, The Avenger
lo9=Amavi
lo10=Ananasi Vampirephile
lo11=Ancestor Spirit
lo12=Ancestor's Insight
lo13=Antoinette Dubois
lo14=Aredhel
lo15=Aren, Priest of Eshu
lo16=Armor of Caine's Fury
lo17=Asanbonsam Ghoul
lo18=Aversion
lo19=Aye
lo20=Ayo Igoli
lo21=Babalawo Alafin
lo22=Base Hunting Ground
lo23=Batsheva
lo24=Battle Frenzy
lo25=Belonging Grants Protection
lo26=Bima
lo27=Bind the Night-Walker
lo28=Blessed Audience
lo29=Blooding by the Code
lo30=Brother in Arms
lo31=Bupe Kuila
lo32=Cedric
lo33=Cesewayo
lo34=Claiming the Body
lo35=Cleansing Ritual
lo36=Conductor
lo37=Consume the Dead
lo38=Covincraft
lo39=Crawling Chamber
lo40=Creeping Infection
lo41=Dame Hollerton
lo42=Death of the Drum
lo43=Dela Eden
lo44=Demdemeh
lo45=Devil-Channel: Back
lo46=Devil-Channel: Hands
lo47=Devil-Channel: Throat
lo48=Dolie
lo49=Duma Rafiki
lo50=Earth-Feeder
lo51=Effie Lowery
lo52=The Eldest Are Kholo
lo53=The Eldest Command Undeath
lo54=Elephant Guardian
lo55=Emergency Rations
lo56=Enforcer
lo57=Eurayle Gelasia Mylonas
lo58=Excellent Thirst
lo59=Eye of Unforgiving Heaven
lo60=Eze, The Demon Prince
lo61=Fae Contortion
lo62=Falhu Shibaba
lo63=Fire on the Mountain
lo64=Fish
lo65=Founders of the Ebony Kingdom
lo66=Free Fight
lo67=Ganhuru
lo68=Gentha Shale
lo69=Ghost-Eater
lo70=Ghoul Messenger
lo71=Glare of Lies
lo72=Glutton
lo73=Goblinism
lo74=Gualtiero Ghiberti
lo75=The Guruhi Are the Land
lo76=Guruhi Kholo
lo77=Hall of Hades' Court
lo78=Hanging Fermata
lo79=Hasani
lo80=Hatchling
lo81=Healing Touch
lo82=Heaven's Gate
lo83=Hermana Hambrienta Mayor
lo84=Hermana Hambrienta Menor
lo85=High Aye
lo86=High Orun
lo87=Homa
lo88=Honorine Ateba
lo89=Houngan
lo90=Hourglass of the Mind
lo91=Ibn Khaldun, Scholar
lo92=Idrissa
lo93=Igoli's Loyalty
lo94=Informant
lo95=Iniko, The Black Lion
lo96=Inspire Greatness
lo97=Invoking the Beast
lo98=Ishtarri Kholo
lo99=Ismitta
lo100=Jack Dawson
lo101=Jibade el-Bahrawi
lo102=Jubal
lo103=Jungle Hunting Ground
lo104=Kamaria
lo105=Kamau Jafari
lo106=Kamiri wa Itherero
lo107=Kduva's Mask
lo108=Kenyatta
lo109=Kerrie
lo110=Khalu
lo111=The Kikiyaon
lo112=King's Favor
lo113=Langa
lo114=Leapfrog
lo115=Legend of the Leopard
lo116=Little Mountain Cemetery
lo117=Lumumba
lo118=Maabara
lo119=Macoute
lo120=Maria Stone
lo121=Masai Blood Milk
lo122=Maskini
lo123=Massassi
lo124=Massassi's Honor
lo125=Matata
lo126=Mbare Market, Harare
lo127=Meno Ngari
lo128=Mina Grotius
lo129=Misrak
lo130=Mozambique Allure
lo131=Mr. Noir
lo132=Muricia
lo133=Nangila Were
lo134=Nehemiah
lo135=New in Town
lo136=Nkechi
lo137=Nkule Galadima
lo138=No Secrets From the Magaji
lo139=Ohoyo Hopoksia (Bastet)
lo140=Olugbenga
lo141=Omme Enberbenight
lo142=Onaedo
lo143=Orun
lo144=Osebo Kholo
lo145=Otieno
lo146=Overseer
lo147=Palace Hunting Ground
lo148=Pandora's Whisper
lo149=Panya, The Wicked
lo150=The Path of Retribution
lo151=The Path of Tears
lo152=The Path of the Scorched Heart
lo153=Peacemaker
lo154=Persistent Echo
lo155=Phagian
lo156=Phantom Speaker
lo157=Pherydima
lo158=Port Hunting Ground
lo159=Powerbase: Cape Verde
lo160=Powerbase: Tshwane
lo161=Predator's Communion
lo162=Predator's Mastery
lo163=Predator's Transformation
lo164=Prejudice
lo165=Putrescent Servitude
lo166=Quicksilver Contemplation
lo167=Quincy, The Trapper
lo168=Raking Talons
lo169=Rashiel
lo170=Reanimated Corpse
lo171=Recurring Contemplation
lo172=Redcap Wilder
lo173=Redistribution
lo174=Reindoctrination
lo175=Reliquary: Akunanse Remains
lo176=Reliquary: Biague
lo177=Rocia
lo178=Rockheart
lo179=Roderick Phillips March
lo180=Roll
lo181=Rosemarie
lo182=Sanjo
lo183=Saulot, The Wanderer
lo184=Sayshila
lo185=Scry the Hearthstone
lo186=The Secret Must Be Kept
lo187=Sennadurek
lo188=Sense Death
lo189=Shadow of Taint
lo190=Shaman
lo191=Shasa Abu Badr
lo192=Shell Game
lo193=Sires Command, Childer Inherit
lo194=Sobayifa
lo195=Solomon Batanea
lo196=Song of Pan
lo197=Spike-Thrower
lo198=Squirrel Balance
lo199=Static Virtue
lo200=Stonestrength
lo201=Strange Day
lo202=Summon Spirit Beast
lo203=Swarm
lo204=Tanginé
lo205=Tangle Atropos' Hand
lo206=Tatu Sawosa
lo207=Terra Incognita
lo208=Thomasso Ghiberti
lo209=Those Who Endure Judge
lo210=Transfusion
lo211=Travelers Obey the Tenets
lo212=Troglodytia
lo213=Truth of Blood
lo214=Tsunda
lo215=Tupdog
lo216=Ubende
lo217=Uchenna
lo218=Ugadja
lo219=Uncontrolled Impulse
lo220=Unseen Hibernation
lo221=Urenna Bunu
lo222=Uzoma
lo223=Vulture's Buffet
lo224=Wamukota
lo225=Wanderer's Counsel
lo226=Whistling Up the Beast
lo227=Winged Second
lo228=Wise Spider
lo229=Yavu Matebo
lo230=Yoruba Shrine
lo231=Yseult
lo232=Zaire River Ferry
lo233=Zhara
lo234=Zhenga
lo235=Zygodat
lo52=Eldest Are Kholo, The
lo53=Eldest Command Undeath, The
lo75=Guruhi Are the Land, The
lo111=Kikiyaon, The
lo150=Path of Retribution, The
lo151=Path of Tears, The
lo152=Path of the Scorched Heart, The
lo186=Secret Must Be Kept, The
